Add contributing.md (#466)
tournesol-app/tournesol: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Process of development / Asking for review

You can track progress of the project of the following [board](https://github.com/tournesol-app/tournesol/projects/9)

Anyone can create ideas that seems relevant, by creating a new issue and placing it inside the column`Backlog and ideas`.

> Then the core-team will decide which issues have to be handled first and available issues are placed in the column `Ready`. One can assigned himself on one ticket after discussing with [Adrien][Adrien], [Romain][Romain]. or [Louis][Louis].

Reviewer: GitHub also allow to define teams under an organization. So creating a team `@tournesol-app/maintainers` could make sense.

Only organization owners can create a team though, on https://github.com/orgs/tournesol-app/new-team

> Then the core-team will decide which issues have to be handled first and available issues are placed in the column `Ready`. One can assigned himself on one ticket after discussing with [Adrien][Adrien], [Romain][Romain]. or [Louis][Louis].

Author: @amatissart As i understand, you first need to create the team. Then I can mention directly this team inside the document.
If I am right, let me know when the team is created

> Then the core-team will decide which issues have to be handled first and available issues are placed in the column `Ready`. One can assigned himself on one ticket after discussing with [Adrien][Adrien], [Romain][Romain]. or [Louis][Louis].

Reviewer 2: We should have a "maintainer" team now (Gresille should have a pending invite and I'll try to add amatissart to it too as soon as I figure out how to free one extra seat in the organization or choose to pay for it)

https://github.com/orgs/tournesol-app/teams/maintainers

When you work is in a stable state, you can open a PR from your branch to `main` on Github. You can also ask [Adrien][Adrien] or [Romain][Romain] your PR even if the PR is in a draft state. They may give you feedbacks to continue on the same tracks or to change the architecture of your current work.

> When your PR is in its final state, ask [Adrien][Adrien], [Romain][Romain] and [Louis][Louis] to review it (at least). Merging is enabled only if someone has approved your PR.

Author: Yes, this is what I thought when I wrote it

One change on the backend must have a dedicated test, to track desired and undesired behaviour of your feature.

On the frontend, after doing some changes, test are not compulsory but are welcomed.

> Creation of end to end test is not done on a weekly basis. If you want to add one, discuss about it with [Adrien][Adrien] and [Romain][Romain]  to debate about the relevance of this test.

Author: I tried to express the idea that creating end-to-end test is not something that is done regularly.

To keep track of progress, bugs of the project, join the [discord][tournesol-discord-join]

# Tips

- One change on the backend must have a dedicated test (create a new test, or modify a existing one). The command `pytest` enables to lauch all tests.

> However the command `pytest --html=report.html –self-contained-html` enables to create a clean html report document with details of logs for each test.

Reviewer 3: How about using `Moreover` instead of `However`? As the second sentence is not contradictory with the first, I think `Moreover` would be more appropriate.

```suggestion
Moreover the command `pytest --html=report.html –self-contained-html` enables to create a clean html report document with details of logs for each test.
```

> - To update OpenApi content, and specifically `.yaml`, you first have to launch de backend. Then, on the frontend you can type the following command `yarn run update-schema`.
> 
> - To update typescript file that depends on the content of `.yaml`, you have to go the folder `scripts` of frontend and type the command `./generate-services-from-openapi.sh`.

Reviewer 3: We can be more precise by naming what is exactly the .yaml file, and what are the typescript files.

Also, I think we should explain when a developper need to run yarn run update-schema, what do you think? Here is a suggestion.

```suggestion
When the back end API is updated, the front end must re-generate its local client to match the new API schema.

**step 1** While the back end is running, from the root of the front end folder run the command `yarn run update-schema`. This will update front end representation the back end OpenAPI schema.

**step 2** The re-generate the service files by running `scripts/generate-services-from-openapi.sh`
```
